Updated template readme with make dev and make test descriptions (#315)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: template/README.md

- `make clean` takes down the provisioned box if there is any.

> - `make dev` same as `make up` but without the ansible test playbook and custom_ca.

Reviewer: - This is not quite right. It doesn't skip a playbook, but it skips all tasks within a playbook tagged with `test`. Also add link to https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_tags.html

- I see it doesn't set `CUSTOM_CA`. I can only imagine that is an error. @zhenik any input on that?

Reviewer 2: @pdmthorsrud is right its missing `CUSTOM_CA`. Its error

Reviewer: I suggest you just fix that error in this PR @dangernil

- `make test`  takes down the provisioned box if there is any and remove tmp files.

> 

Reviewer: Mention that it runs `make up` as well.

> - `make dev` same as `make up` but skips all task within ansible playbook with the tag `test` and custom_ca. Read more about ansible tags [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_tags.html).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `make dev` is same as `make up` except that it skips all the tasks within ansible playbook that have the tag `test` and custom_ca. Read more about ansible tags [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_tags.html).
```

> - `make test`  takes down the provisioned box if there is any and remove tmp files then runs `make up`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `make test`  takes down the provisioned box if there is any, removes tmp files and then runs `make up`.
```

- `make update` downloads the newest version of the [vagrant-hashistack box](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack/) from [vagrantcloud](https://vagrantcloud.com/fredrikhgrelland/hashistack).

> - `make example` runs the example in [template_example/](template_example)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `make template_example` runs the example in [template_example/](template_example)
```
